docs: Convert Buttons category stories to use mdx (#1127)
Workday/canvas-kit: modules/react/button/stories/IconButton.stories.mdx

import {Meta, Story} from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';

import {IconButton} from '@workday/canvas-kit-react/button';
import {Specifications} from '@workday/canvas-kit-docs';

import {Circle} from './examples/Icon/Circle';
import {CircleFilled} from './examples/Icon/CircleFilled';
import {Inverse} from './examples/Icon/Inverse';
import {InverseFilled} from './examples/Icon/InverseFilled';
import {Plain} from './examples/Icon/Plain';
import {Square} from './examples/Icon/Square';
import {SquareFilled} from './examples/Icon/SquareFilled';
import {Toggleable} from './examples/Icon/Toggleable';

<Meta title="Components/Buttons/Button/React/Icon Button" component={IconButton} />

# Canvas Kit Icon Button

Clickable icon button elements that extend the native `<button>` element with Canvas styling.

[> Workday Design Reference](https://design.workday.com/components/buttons/icon-buttons)

## Installation

```sh
yarn add @workday/canvas-kit-react
```

## Usage

> Here is a basic example of a Primary Button. Buttons can be customized with several props to change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a basic example of an Icon Button. Buttons can be customized with several props to change
```
